Rename github documents (#2101)
cyberark/conjur: design/authenticators/authenticator_allowlist_api.md

> # Authenticator allowList API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Authenticator Allowlist API
```

Author: Done

## Introduction

Enabling and disabling authenticators is a common workflow when setting up Conjur
or when adding new integrations. Authenticators are defined and configured using
Conjur policy at runtime, but to enable and use an authenticator it has to first 

> be allow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be allowlisted.
```

Author: Done

> The authenticator allow_list was previously managed with the `CONJUR_AUTHENTICATORS`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The authenticator allowlist was previously managed with the `CONJUR_AUTHENTICATORS`
```

Author: Done

environment variable. This, however, also requires the Conjur process to be restarted,
and often requires updates to configuration management for the Conjur container
as well.

> By storing the authenticator allow_list in the Conjur database, and adding an HTTP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By storing the authenticator allowlist in the Conjur database, and adding an HTTP
```

Author: Done

API endpoint to manage the allowlist, we both allow the authenticator workflow to
become more streamlined, as well as enable additional usability (e.g. enabling
or disabling authenticators using the `conjur` CLI).

> ## API Endpoint for Authenticator allowList

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## API Endpoint for Authenticator Allowlist
```

Author: Done

* **Body:**

    The Authenticator patch endpoint takes a single parameter, `enabled`, which

>     may be set to either `true` to enable the authenticator (add it to the allow list)
>     or `false` to disable the authenticator (remove it from the allow list).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    may be set to either `true` to enable the authenticator (add it to the allowlist)
    or `false` to disable the authenticator (remove it from the allowlist).
```

Author: Done
